The number of so called Heimatvertriebene German citizens, exceeeded 10 milion people.
Freepsum Lake at -2 m), traversed by some of Europe's major rivers such as the Rhine, Danube and Elbe.
Bundestag (Federal Assembly), with 669 seats elected by popular vote under a system combining direct and proportional representation every four years; and the upper house or Bundesrat (Federal Council), which has 69 votes distributed amongst the 16 Bundesl채nder or Federal States.
Zugspitze at 2,962 m) in the south to the shores of the North and Baltic Seas in the north.
Between 1815 and 1871 Germany consisted of 39 independent states which formed the German confederation (Deutscher Bund).
In January 1999, Germany and 12 other EU countries formed a common European currency, the euro.
The war resulted in large losses of territory, 10 millions of Germans expulsed, and 45 years of division and supervision by the World War's four chief victors.
In January 1999, Germany and 10 other EU countries formed a common European currency, the euro.
Most of German enterpreneurs hope, that through access to cheap labor of Eastern Europe and its big and fast growing markets, after accessing of the 10 new European Union members.
Bundestag (Federal Assembly), with 598 seats elected by popular vote under a system combining direct and proportional representation every four years; and the upper house or Bundesrat (Federal Council), which has 69 votes distributed amongst the 16 Bundesl채nder or Federal States.
Germany is further subdivided into 438 Kreise (districts).
Zugspitze at 2,963 m) in the south to the shores of the North and Baltic Seas in the north.
Approximately three million Muslims  and 160,000 Jews live in Germany.
The 16 Bundesl채nder are represented at the federal level in the Bundesrat (Upper House), which -- depending on the subject matter -- may have a say in the legislative procedure.
The 16 Bundesl채nder are represented at the federal level in the Bundesrat (Federal Council), which -- depending on the subject matter -- may have a say in the legislative procedure.
The war resulted in large losses of territory, 10 millions of Germans expulsed, and 45 years of division, while the country was split up into West and East Germany.
The war resulted in large losses of territory, 15 million Germans expulsed, and 45 years of division, while the country was split up into West and East Germany.
The war resulted in large losses of territory, 10 million Germans expulsed, and 45 years of division, while the country was split up into West and East Germany.
Approximately three million Muslims  and 100,000 Jews live in Germany.
Approximately three million Muslims and 100,000 Jews live in Germany.
