She has had 13 number one singles (hence, the "Ones" album).
She currently has the record for the most weeks at number one in the American charts with her single "One Sweet Day", featuring Boyz II Men, totalling a full 16 weeks at the top spot.
To date, Rainbow has sold 3 million copies in America and not much more than 3 million when the rest of the world is considered.
Forever," the last single off of the album tanked compared to the first three, but was still a top 40 airplay hit in America.
Nevertheless, it managed to crack the top 20 in overall radio airplay, garnering smaller amounts of airplay from a combination of different formats, and was Carey's fourteenth number one hit on the Hot 100, thanks to a commercially available single, which sold over 300,000 copies in its first week alone.
She has had 15 number one singles in the United States (hence the Ones album).
She currently has the record for the most weeks at number one in the American charts with her single One Sweet Day, featuring Boyz II Men, totalling a full 16 weeks at the top spot.
She has had 13 number one singles in the United States (hence, the "Ones" album).
Mariah confessed that she started smoking when she was 12 years old but stopped six years later when she was 18 because it was damaging her voice.
The single went on to achieve platinum (1,000,000 copies sold) status and was one of the last singles to do so in America, once the Napster craze took off in 2000 and decimated the American singles industry.
Forever," the last single off of the album, did poorly compared to the first three, but was still a top 40 airplay hit in America.
In the case of "Heartbreaker", it received criticism for sounding like her previous singles "Dreamlover" and "Fantasy", and many people viewed the guest rap from Jay-Z as a desperate attempt to get the single airplay on urban radio, since Carey could no longer depend on adult contemporary or even top 40 radio to necessarily play her new singles as they once had.
She also has the record for the most weeks at number one with her single "One Sweet Day", featuring Boyz 2 Men.
Hip-Hop Singles Sales, and Hot 100 Singles Sales.
She currently has the record for the most weeks at number one in the American charts with her single One Sweet Day, featuring Boyz 2 Men, totalling a full 16 weeks at the top spot.
She has said in the past that she's not sure of her range but other the most credible sources claim it goes up to 5 octaves.
That year "Daydream" was up for 6 nominations.
That is the most Hot 100 number ones of any female artist in history.
This song gave Carey the record of being the only musician or band ever to have had their first five singles all hit the top of the Billboard Hot 100 chart in America.
The song was a duet with Joe and featured 98 Degrees singing background vocals on the chorus.
In fact, only 4 shows of the originally announced 21 dates had gone on sale when the plans were changed.
She also has the record for the most weeks at number one in the American charts with her single One Sweet Day, featuring Boyz 2 Men, totalling a full 16 weeks at the top spot.
This album and her previous studio album, Music Box, would eventually go on to sell over 20 million copies each worldwide, making them Carey's two most popular albums.
I heard a "G-Unit" Remix of "I Know What You Want" with 50 Cent.
She has had 15 number one singles in the United States (hence, the "Ones" album).
