Again, number 3 here is just an ad hom, number 2 is question begging (so what if they want creationism to prevail, that's not an argument against creationism!
C in 100 y given certain CO2 scenarios) can (in theory) be falsified by waiting 100 years to see.
The article does not cite [10] again, invokes neither the methods or conclusions of intelligent design, and in fact never mentions CSI or any other ID concept again after that first sentences.
Right now this article is over 60 paragraphs long.
I agree with practicing scientist William Connolley that 'theories' about carbon dioxide levels causing warming of 2 to 5 degrees Centigrade in 100 years are "scientific", because 100 years from now (at the latest) we'll know one way or another.
Actually I guess there are 3 separate criticism of ID sections.
If anyone wanted to know what ID is, they read our intro and find that we have 3 sentences that (sort of) explain what ID is, and then we have 8 that criticize it.
Detection of complex specified information is introduced to infer unknown underlying causes for observed patterns [10].
Each generation of humans acquires on average 100 novel mutations in their gene sequence, 2 or 3 of which probably have a significant functional effect.
Point 1 makes claims of new genetic information with off-line references, but no examples.
In short, one can be sure that the Darwinian algorithm works today as it did 100 million years ago.
I daresay less than 7 in 100 really wants to step back and take an objective look at the whole thing; the vast majority simply want confirmation of their preconceived positions.
The article does not cite [10] again, invokes neither the methods nor conclusions of intelligent design, and in fact never mentions CSI or any other ID concept again after that first sentence.
But I think ID is plenty well defined in the first 2 paragraphs.
I have an appointment in 5 minutes right now.
In fact, I see a continuum of 4 POVs.
I gotta go because I have an appointment in 5 minutes.
We evaluate here the complex pattern corresponding to multiple observations of statistical interdependency such that they all deviate significantly from the prior or null hypothesis [8].
The article does not cite [10] again, invokes neither the methods or conclusions of intelligent design, and in fact never mentions CSI or any other ID concept again after that first sentence.
If Dbergan wishes to put the lego-in-the-desert analagy in paragraph 1 or 2 of the intro, fine.
