I, Erid, 172 and others respectfully disagree.
Many of these served in several noncontiguous terms - for example, Slueyman Demirel served 7 terms in office, but only the first three were contiguous.
Besides, speaking of Israel, since there is a lot of states not recognizing Israel, mostly Muslim nations (3 out of 22 Arab states recognize Israel, countries like Pakistan, Bangladesh and Malaysia don't either).
The Egyptian continent - what is frequently cited as the most powerful and agressive - only had 80,000 troops on the border and very minimal armor, compared to several hundred thousand Israelis.
Bulent Ecevit served 5 terms, with only two contiguous.
Jul 2003 (UTC)Re Efghi's complete list of those accepting Jerusalem as the Israeli capital, I knew the list was small, but 3 countries!
I don't think it needs 5 sentences to say this.
Uriber, and he has a long history of contributions (252 since May 30), although he obviously has a similar perspective on this issue as RK.
SO shall we say "one of 4" or "one of 5" not so easy cause we dont know which.
The idea of a strong country having influence on a weaker is valid especially when Syria has 16,000 troops in Lebanon.
Irish but who lived in Northern Ireland by its controversial Articles 2 and 3, where it talked about the island of Ireland (all 32 counties) as being the "national territory" (ie, territory of the Nation) whereas the state of Éire (now the Republic of Ireland) covered 26 counties.
Re Efghi's complete list of those accepting Jerusalem as the Israeli capital, I knew the list was small, but 3 countries!
Israel is bounded on the west by the Mediterranean Sea and the Sinai Peninsula, on the south by the Gulf of Aqaba, on the east by the Jordan River (as established in Israel-Jordan Treaty of Peace Annex I 2 G without prejudice to the status of any territories that came under Israeli military government control in 1967.
As for ethnic cleansing, yes there were about up to 800 000 (accounts differ) Arabs moving out of the parts of Palestine that became Israel, though many stayed.
It is far far more complicated that Delirium thinks even cutting it down to 5 sentences is next to miraculous.
In 2002, they denied entry and residence to 80 catholics assigned for religious duty in the area by the Vatican.
Senses 2 and 4 are irrelevant to our discussion.
The UN then established a 4 week truce; fighting broke out again, and the Israelis make some significant advances; then there was another truce; then in August, that truce broke down, Israel isolated Egyptian forces, and a cease-fire was established that held.
The World Values Study of 2002 shows that 87 percent of Muslims (in nine countries) see democracy as the best choice.
Its total area is at least 20,000 square km (about 7,700 square miles), although its exact territorial boundaries are heavily disputed.
By my count, that means 7 (soon to be 8) out of 14 countries in the Middle East have multiparty systems featuring elections.
