Ranked 60th  377,835 km2  0.
Known as the Land of the Rising Sun, it has a huge but presently stagnant economy, 13 centuries of recorded history, and a distinctly ethnocentric culture.
Known as the Land of the Rising Sun, its 13 centuries of recorded history has created a distinctive culture.
And Japan's first emperor in the myth is Jimmu and is an offspring of Amaterasu, who is  the sun goddess, and is the first in an unbroken line of 125 Emperors that extends to the present day.
Japan's highest mountain is the famous Mount Fuji (Fujiyama) at 3,776 m .
The Soviet Union siezed 4 islands north of Hokkaido at the end of WWII, and despite the collapse of the Soviet state and friendly relations between countries, Russia has refused to return these islands.
They killed approximately 130,000 people instantly and with Hirohito's unconditional surrender to the United States on August 15, 1945, sovereignty and independence was restored in Southeastern and Eastern Asia.
Known as the Land of the Rising Sun, it presently has a huge stagnant economy, 13 centuries of recorded history, and a distinctive culture.
Robotics constitutes a key long-term economic strength, with Japan possessing 410,000 of the world's 720,000 "working robots".
The legislative branch consists of a House of Representatives (Shugi-in) of 480 seats, elected by popular vote every four years, and a House of Councillors (Sangi-in) of 247 seats, whose popularly elected members serve six-year terms.
Japan's highest mountain is the famous Mount Fuji (Fujisan) at 3,776 m .
Robotics constitutes a key long-term economic strength, with Japan possessing 41,000 of the world's 720,000 "working robots".
According to traditional Japanese history, the Japanese islands were created by Amaterasu, the Sun Goddess, in the 7th century BC, and Japan's first emperor is Jimmu, son of Amaterasu, the first in an unbroken line of 125 Emperors that extends to the present day.
The Soviet Union seized 4 islands north of Hokkaido at the end of WWII, and despite the collapse of the Soviet state and friendly relations between countries, Russia has refused to return these islands.
According to traditional Japanese history, the Japanese Islands were created by Amaterasu, the Sun Goddess, in the 7th century BC, and Japan's first emperor is Jimmu, son of Amaterasu, the first in an unbroken line of 125 Emperors that extends to the present day.
They killed approximately 130,000 people instantly and with Hirohito's unconditional surrender to the United States on August 15, 1945, Japan lost all of his colonies.
Japan's highest mountain is the famous Mount Fuji at 3,776 m .
History of JapanAccording to traditional Japanese history, the Japanese islands were created by Amaterasu, the Sun Goddess, in the 7th century BC, and Japan's first emperor is Jimmu, son of Amaterasu, the first in an unbroken line of 125 Emperors that extends to the present day.
Known as the Land of the Rising Sun, its 13 centuries of recorded history have created a distinctive culture.
Known as the Land of the Rising Sun, it presently has a huge stagnant economy, 13 centuries of recorded history, and a distinctly ethnocentric culture.
