Those 365 priests who came forth from the city of Jerusalem, the city of this masiqta and dukhrana, a forgiveness of sins may there be for them.
Jerusalem is mentioned over 700 times in the Tanakh (Bible or "Old Testament") which is the Written Law basis for the Oral Law (Mishnah, Talmud and Shulkhan Arukh) studied, practiced  and treasured by Jews and Judaism for three millenia.
Jerusalem is mentioned over 700 times in the Torah and Tanakh, or Old Testament, a text sacred to both Judaism and Christianity.
Later on, in the days of Pontius Pilate, it says the good spirit Anush Utra went there, healed the sick and worked miracles, and made converts, confronting Jesus (whom they consider a false prophet) and refuting his arguments; but its inhabitants opposed him and persecuted the converts, 365 of whom were killed (GR 15.
Jerusalem is mentioned over 700 times in the Tanakh (Bible or "Old Testament") which is the Written Law basis for the Oral Law (Mishnah, Talmud and Shulkhan Arukh) studied, practiced  and treasured by Jews and Judaism for three millenia, (List of Jewish prayers and Blessings).
Jerusalem is mentioned over 700 times in the Torah and Tanakh (Bible or "Old Testament") which is the Written Law basis for the Oral Law (Mishnah, Talmud and Shulkhan Arukh) studied, practiced  and treasured by Jews and Judaism for three millennia.
Jerusalem is mentioned over 700 times in the Tanakh (Bible or "Old Testament") which is the Written Law basis for the Oral Law (Mishnah, Talmud and Shulkhan Arukh) studied, practiced  and treasured by Jews and Judaism for three millenia, as in the list of Jewish prayers and plessings.
Jerusalem is mentioned over 700 times in the Torah and Tanakh (Bible or "Old Testament") which is the Written Law basis for the Oral Law (Mishnah, Talmud and Shulkhan Arukh) studied, practiced  and treasured by Jews and Judaism for three millenia.
This major (24 hour) fast is preceded on the calendar by two minor dawn to dusk fast days, the  Tenth of Tevet mourning for the time Babylonia laid siege to the First Temple, and for the tragedy of the Seventeenth of Tammuz when Rome broke through the outer walls of the Second Temple.
Jerusalem is mentioned over 700 times in the Tanakh (Bible or "Old Testament") which is the Written Law basis for the Oral Law (Mishanah, Talmud and Shlukhan Aruk) studied, practiced  and treasured by Jews for three millenia.
The earliest dated stone inscriptions containing verses from the Qur'an appear to be Abd al-Malik's in the Dome of the Rock in Jerusalem, from 72 AH.
In 831 Al-Ma'mun restored the Dome of the Rock and built the octagonal wall.
Jerusalem is mentioned over 700 times in the Tanakh (Bible or "Old Testament") which is the Written Law basis for the Oral Law (Mishnah, Talmud and Shlukhan Aruk) studied, practiced  and treasured by Jews and Judaism for three millenia.
Jerusalem is mentioned over 600 times in Tanakh.
By the 1860s, the city, with an area of only 1 square kilometer, was already overcrowded.
Jerusalem is mentioned over 700 times in Tanakh.
Jerusalem is mentioned over 700 times Tanakh the Written Law studied and treasured by Jews for three millenia.
Jerusalem is mentioned over 700 times in the Tanakh (Bible or "Old Testament") which is the Written Law basis for the Oral Law (Mishnah, Talmud and Shulkhan Arukh) studied, practiced  and treasured by Jews and Judaism for three millenia, as in the list of Jewish prayers and blessings.
Jordanian Jerusalem and 64 sq km of the nearby West Bank, renaming the entire area "East Jerusalem" (see Maps of Jerusalem pre- and post-1967).
Old TestamentJerusalem is mentioned over 700 times in the Torah and Tanakh, or Old Testament, a text sacred to both Judaism and Christianity.
