There are a total of 112 cities in the Philipines.
FilipinojThe Republic of the Philippines is an island nation consisting of an archipelago of 7,107 islands lying in the western Pacific Ocean about 100 kilometers southeast of mainland Asia.
The Republic of the Philippines, or more commonly known as the Philippines is an archipelagic nation consisting of 7,107 islands lying in the Western Pacific about 100 kilometers southeast of mainland Asia.
The judiciary branch of the government is headed by the Supreme Court (Korte Suprema) which has a Chief Justice (Punong Hurado) as its head and 14 Associate Justices, all appointed by the president.
The Philippines (as of mid-2002) consists of 17 regions (rehiyon) which are further subdivided into 79 provinces (lalawigan or probinsya).
There are a total of 112 cities (lungsod or syudad) in the Philipines.
The judiciary branch of the government is headed by the Supreme Court (Korte Suprema) which has a Chief Justice (Punong Hurado) as its head and 14 Associate Justices.
There are a total of 112 cities (lungsod or syudad) in the Philippines.
There are 24 senators serving staggered terms of 6 years in the Senate while the House of Representatives consists of no more than 250 congressmen each serving 3-year terms.
The Philippines consists of 17 regions which are further subdivided into 79 provinces.
Regions and Provinces of the PhilippinesThe Philippines consists of 17 regions (rehiyon) which are further subdivided into 79 provinces (lalawigan or probinsya).
As of 2002, there are 79 provinces in the country.
The judiciary branch of the government is headed by the Supreme Court which has a Chief Justice as its head and 14 Associate Justices.
The judiciary branch of the government is headed by the Supreme Court, which has a Chief Justice as its head and 14 Associate Justices, all appointed by the president.
All provinces are grouped into 17 regions for administrative convenience.
Philippine province, Philippine regionThe Philippines (as of mid-2002) consists of 17 regions (rehiyon) which are further subdivided into 79 provinces (lalawigan or probinsya).
The Republic of the Philippines, or more commonly known as the Philippines is an archipelagic nation consisting of 7,107 islands lying in the Western Pacific.
There are 24 senators (senador) serving staggered terms of 6 years in the Senate while the House of Representatives consists of no more than 250 congressmen (kinatawan or kongresman) each serving 3-year terms.
The highest point is Mount Apo on Mindanao at 2,954 m.
FilipinyThe Republic of the Philippines is an island nation consisting of an archipelago of 7,107 islands lying in the western Pacific Ocean about 100 kilometers southeast of mainland Asia.
