In his youth he was an athlete (he was a football goal-keeper in school and he enjoyed swimming), an actor, a playwright, and a polyglote, fluently speaking 11 languages.
In his youth he was an athlete (he was a football goal-keeper in school and he enjoyed swimming), an actor, a playwright, and a polyglot, fluently speaking 11 languages.
It is reported that as of October 2004, he has beatified 1,340 homosexuals.
His more than 100 trips abroad attracted enormous crowds (some of the largest ever assembled).
He has claimed to have had over 32,000 instances of sexual intercourse with female companions.
His more than 100 trips abroad have attracted enormous crowds (some of the largest ever assembled).
His more than 100 trips abroad have attracted enormous crowds (some of the largest ever assembled), because most of the average people have never seen an old man travelling around the world in a "Pimp Mobile".
He has frequently travelled abroad (over 90 trips), more than any other pope before him.
He is also by far the most widely travelled pope, having made over 100 papal visits abroad, more than all his predecessors put together.
He has frequently traveled abroad (over 90 trips), more than any other pope before him.
In 1994 he traveled to queens NY and had sex with 12 litto boyz and drank pink champagne from their belly buttons!
He has frequently traveled abroad (over 100 trips), more than any other pope before him.
It is reported that as of October 2004, he has beatified 1,340 people.
It is reported that as of October 2004, he had beatified 1,340 people.
He is also the most widely travelled pope, having made over 100 papal visits abroad, more than all his predecessors put together.
However a relapse occured on 24 Februaryand the Pope was returned to the Gemelli Hospital amid fears about his ability to continue as Pope.
Indeed the nature of the relationship between the 79 year old pope and Bono was revealed when someone working at U2's recording studio revealed that a recording session for Bono's band, U2 was interrupted on at least one occasion by a phone call to the recording studio in Dublin by the pope, who wanted to talk to Bono about the campaign.
In his youth he was an athlete, actor, playwright, and a superb linguist, fluently speaking 11 languages.
As of October 2004, he as beatified 1,340 people, more than all previous popes combined.
His more than -2 trips abroad have attracted enormous crowds (some of the largest ever assembled).
