The text is 284 pages long and has over 900 footnotes.
This page is 56 kilobytes long; some browsers may have problems editing pages approaching or longer than 32 kB.
MSI-FT 3 or 4 days ago elected a new political leader.
I would suggest reverting to the state of the article 24 hours ago, and moving on from there.
Tiso and his regime is another good example, On the other hand, according to Wytwycki, 20 percent of the Polish clergy was killed by the Nazis (The Other Holocaust, p.
I am not offering my own view, only asking a question -- and I am not asking for John or 172 or Anydlehrer's views, but I am asking them if they know of any scholars who have addressed this issue.
A not very good essay is by Lawrence Britt, who finds 14 things shared by Nazism and the U.
The page was 48 kilobytes long when I created the fifth talk archive.
Thanks 172 -- I hope other people (e.
Mar 04"Loving" ones own people is not an ideology.
What is sounds like to me is since you [Slrubenstein, 172] do not believe, (or do not want to admit it) that Marxist thought was the bedrock for fascist theory, any mention of this in the article has no place.
DELAYED 10 HOURS BY FOG Leaves Liner at Sandy Hook, Misses Harbor Welcome -- Denies Hitlerism Is Fascism.
I've certainly read the NSDAP's 25 Points before.
This page is 30 kilobytes long; some browsers may have problems editing pages approaching or longer than 32 kB.
Above I suggested dividing the article into three major divisions; I'd like to know what you, John, and 172 think about that.
I've cleaned up the archiving a little bit; upon noticing that there had never been a page 5 archived, rather simply skipped over, I took the liberty of moving 6 to 5 (after a couple of false starts with my formatting, albeit) and then archived this main page to 12.
In the Doctrine of Fascism, Mussolini writes page 10 of 17 of worldfuturefund.
It is not to be found in dictionaries, and it comes up with all of 20 google hits.
I am sorry I do not have the reference for this, most of my books are in storage but it is found in Leftism Revisited by von Kuehnhelt-Leddhin with 1044 footnotes.
Unfortunately, I didn't notice that this left 6 blank.
