The Jewish people is an actual People and nation(with 3500 or so years under it's belt-with quite a sound basis).
After 25 generations, probably every one of the 2 million population will be a descendant of that single Canaanite.
Arabs began to buy the land and now it is 80 rab not Christian.
British consul in 1857"There is not a solitary village throughout its whole extent [valley of Jezreel]   -- not for 30 miles in either direction .
Lufthansa), the greatest variety of targets (40 civilian passenger aircraft, five passenger ships, 30 embassies or diplomatic ministries plus innumerable fuel depots and factories), etc.
With the PLO charter inclusion, I no longer have any issue regarding the "1918" tag.
Saudi Arabi 26 millionThis is the extent of my investigation on the issue and I remain appalled.
It is real chutzpah for RK to quote from a book called "Palestinian Arab National Movement" (Volume 2 even) in order to prove that there was no such thing.
That's why I created an entirely separate article that deals with the 3 major ways the term "Palestinian" is used.
Meanwhile the Bible mentions Jerusalem over 800 times and the Jews can trace their roots in Jerusalem back to the days of Abraham.
High percentage of Y chromosomes of Ashkenazim matching quite perfectly  with their brothers in other Jewish groups,stronger than to any other People out there ,which is a very strong indication(that's npt one of or 2 poeple but the majority) on atleast half of their genetics(That's how mostly population genetics is done)-because it's quite common in the Ashkenazim as it is in most Jewish groups,plus considering assimilation and converts was not their style but isolation sure was) ,so even if the speculation was fact, which it isn't-that hardly would make them (genetically) entirely non Jewish with only a slight touch of middle eastern decent.
I think the section on origins ought to mention the Sea People (also known as Philistines) who arrived from the Aegean in the 12 century BCE.
Please provide an academic source for significant amount of Jews having remained in Palestine after 300 CE and intermarried with the other groups cited.
I continue to see acusations that it was the arab states responsibility to take in all the refugees, yet I cannot conceive of the effect it would have had on their economies for the bordering nations to handle 15 million refugees as the estimate which was given and the size of their own populations.
The town has now grown to 30,000 inhabitants.
As the Israelis claim, it was the Arab leadership's full ignoring of the existence of 600,000 Jews aspiring for statehood as much as they do, and the total refusal to share the land in any form eventually lay the ground for their own disaster, which they might have as well averted by accepting a mutually profitable peace.
The Jewish people is an actual People and nation(with 3500 or so years under it's belt as a sound and quite recorded basis).
Imagine a hypothetical population of 1 million men and 1 million women (all hetero ;-) who in each generation pair up at random and have two children each (so the population remains at 2 million).
One may ride 10 miles hereabouts and not see 10 human beings.
Yet in 1948, Arabs owned a mere 3 percent of so-called "Palestine".
