Creation science is pseudoscience" has 110 hits.
I count 3 to 2 in favor of the change at this point.
In the meantime, here's a link to over 100 scientific studies, clinical trials, abstracts and case studies that support chiropractic's claims to be effective with disease from Autism to Vertigo.
In 2002 there were 61,000 DCs and 137,000 PTs.
NAI is currently composed of 15 Lead Research Teams (see map) which together represent over 700 investigators across the United States.
Njyoder - the 34 experiments were essentially reproductions of the original Pons-Fleischman experiment, i.
For various reasons they place the few spacecraft that can be afforded in equatorial orbits--mainly because they can't afford to send out 1 spacecraft for each planet, so they have to keep the sattelite orbiting in the solar plain so it can be sent to another planet later.
But if we are doing a google battle here, the phrase "flood geology is pseudo science" has a total of 2 hits.
Circa 2020, a new platform, LISA, will enhance our abilities to find these gravity waves at a distance of 9 billion light years (far beyond the distance to the center of the universe).
Nobel Laureates and 500 faculty members represent anything specific to one school in Florida.
It seems to me that 3 and 4 are very different from 1 and 2 and should be in separate threads.
It's just applying our knowledge of extremophiles to known planetary conditions, and has been studied in situ by the likes of Viking, and was the subject of the recent Beagle 2 mission.
Look, 20 of Americans think that the sun goes around the earth.
Usually, pseudoscience emphasized 2 without doing 1 properly, although sometimes there are social processes (such as allowing hostiles access to your data) that it fails to meet as well.
Viking's results were inconclusive, and sadly Beagle 2 never reached the surface of Mars.
The burden of proof is not on me, as I already explained, but feel free provide evidence of reproducibility ("here are 34 experiments performed differently with different results" doesn't exactly qualify) or something indicating that it's not just an abysmal failure.
If anyone doubts the continuity of quackery in the profession, he has only to turn to pages 31 and 35 of the same issue of Dynamic Chiropractic.
The study estimated that by 2012 it would be 70,000 DCs and 185,000 PTs, and those PTs will be DPTs.
Specifically, his assertion that a rock 20 times heavier than another will fall 20 times faster.
Page 36 reveals that James F.
